Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome to the stage, Rihanna.
(crowd cheering and applauding)
♪ Shine bright like a diamond ♪
(crowd cheering)
(gentle music)
♪ Find light in the beautiful sea ♪
♪ I choose to be happy ♪
♪ You and I, you and I ♪
♪ We're like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ You're a shooting star I see, ♪
♪ A vision of ecstasy ♪
♪ When you hold me, I'm alive ♪
♪ We're like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ I knew that we'd become one right away ♪
♪ Oh, right away ♪
♪ At first sight, I felt the energy of sun rays ♪
♪ I saw the life inside your eyes ♪
♪ So shine bright tonight, you and I ♪
♪ We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ Eye to eye so alive ♪
♪ Shine bright like a diamond ♪
♪ Shining bright like a diamond ♪
♪ Beautiful like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ Shine bright like a diamond ♪
♪ We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ Palms rise to the universe ♪
♪ As we moonshine and molly ♪
♪ Feel the warmth, we'll never die ♪
♪ We're like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ You're a shooting star I see ♪
♪ A vision of ecstasy ♪
♪ When you hold me, I'm alive ♪
♪ We're like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ I knew that we'd become one right away ♪
♪ I saw the life inside your eyes ♪
♪ Tonight, you and I ♪
♪ We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ Eye to eye, so alive ♪
♪ Shine bright like a diamond ♪
♪ Shining bright like a diamond ♪
♪ You're beautiful like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ Shine bright like a diamond ♪
♪ Shining bright like a diamond ♪
♪ We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ Shine bright like a diamond ♪
♪ Shine bright tonight ♪
♪ You and I ♪
♪ We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky ♪
♪ Eye to eye, so alive ♪
♪ Shine bright like a diamond ♪
♪ Whoa, yeah, shine bright like a diamond ♪
(crowd cheering and applauding)